[Security Hardened Kubernetes Cluster] Rule 2001 implementation (#375)
gardener/diki: docs/rulesets/security-hardened-k8s/ruleset.md

This rule follows the requirements from Kyverno pod security policy [Disallow Privilege Escalation](https://github.com/kyverno/policies/tree/release-1.12/pod-security/restricted/disallow-privilege-escalation/disallow-privilege-escalation.yaml).

#### Fix
Set the `Pod` container fields `securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation` explicitly to `false`. There is an [open issue in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/118822) about this configuration being `true` by default.

> [!WARNING]  
> `securityContext.allowPrivilegeEscalation` is set to `true` in the following exceptions:
> - container is running as `privileged`

> > - `CAP_SYS_ADMIN/SYS_ADMIN` is added to the container. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/119568).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` or `SYS_ADMIN` is added to the container. More information can be found in [this issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/119568).
```
